ContentMigrationBatch#S12 (#2254)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/blog/a2hs-updates/index.md

the modal install prompt. For example this desktop PWA adds an
‘Install App’ button just above the user's profile name.

Prompting to install your app on a user gesture feels less spammy to the user
and increases the likelihood that they’ll click ‘Add’ instead of ‘Cancel’.
Incorporating an Install button into your app means that even if the user
chooses not to install your app today, the button will still be there
tomorrow, or whenever they’re ready to install.

### Listening for the `beforeinstallprompt` event

If your site meets the
[add to home screen criteria](https://web.dev/install-criteria/),
Chrome will fire a `beforeinstallprompt` event, save a reference to the event,
and update your user interface to indicate that the user can add your app to
their home screen.

```js
let installPromptEvent;

window.addEventListener('beforeinstallprompt', event => {
  // Prevent Chrome <= 67 from automatically showing the prompt
  event.preventDefault();
  // Stash the event so it can be triggered later.
  installPromptEvent = event;
  // Update the install UI to notify the user app can be installed
  document.querySelector('#install-button').disabled = false;
});
```

> Note: Your site must meet the
> [add to home screen criteria](https://web.dev/install-criteria/)
> in order for the `beforeinstallprompt` event to be fired and your app installed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% Aside %}
Your site must meet the
[add to home screen criteria](https://web.dev/install-criteria/)
in order for the `beforeinstallprompt` event to be fired and your app installed.
{% endAside %}
```
